feat(bundler): add `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_GITHUB_MIRROR`to specify a GitHub mirror (#10866)
tauri-apps/tauri: crates/tauri-cli/ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLES.md

- `TAURI_CLI_NO_DEV_SERVER_WAIT` — Skip waiting for the frontend dev server to start before building the tauri application.
- `TAURI_LINUX_AYATANA_APPINDICATOR` — Set this var to `true` or `1` to force usage of `libayatana-appindicator` for system tray on Linux.
- `TAURI_BUNDLER_WIX_FIPS_COMPLIANT` — Specify the bundler's WiX `FipsCompliant` option.

> - `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_DOWNLOAD_GITHUB_CDN ` - Specify a GitHub CDN to speed up the download of necessary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_GITHUB_MIRROR` - Specify a GitHub mirror to download files and tools used by tauri bundler.
```
